Effective Date: January 1, 2026
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of the Strava platform, including the related mobile applications, products, websites, technology, software, and services (collectively, “Services”). More information about the Services may be found at https://strava.com. These Terms specifically incorporate Strava’s Acceptable Use Policy, Community Standards, Privacy Policy, and any other terms you may enter into with Strava. If you are in the European Union (“EU”) or European Economic Area (“EEA”), the Services are provided to you by Strava Ireland Limited. Otherwise, the Services are provided to you by Strava, Inc. In these Terms, the words “Strava,” “us,” “our,” or “we” means the Strava entity providing the Services to you.
These Terms are a binding agreement (contract) between you and Strava. You indicate your acceptance of these Terms by accessing, using, or signing up for any Services. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not access, use, or sign up for any Services.
If you access or use the Services on behalf of a company or other entity, you represent that you have authority to bind such entity and its affiliates to these Terms; that these Terms are fully binding on them; and that you have full authority to use or manage the Services on their behalf, including the creation and management of user accounts. In such cases, the terms “you” or “your” will refer to the entity and its affiliates. If you do not have this authority, you must not access or use the Services.
NOTICE REGARDING DISPUTE RESOLUTION: THESE TERMS CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND STRAVA ARE RESOLVED, INCLUDING AN AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE, WHICH WILL—UNLESS YOU RESIDE IN THE EU OR JURISDICTIONS WHERE PROHIBITED—WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION, REQUIRE YOU TO SUBMIT CLAIMS YOU HAVE AGAINST US TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION AND LIMIT YOU TO CLAIMS AGAINST STRAVA ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, UNLESS YOU OPT-OUT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW.
The Services are intended only for persons who are at least 13 years old, or such higher age as may be required in your jurisdiction. If you are under the legal age to form a legally binding contract in your jurisdiction, you may use the Services only with the permission of your parent or legal guardian.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a Strava user under the legal age to form a binding contract in your jurisdiction, you agree to be fully responsible for the acts or omissions of such user, including any breach of these Terms.
Strava always reserves the right to refuse access to the Services by users under the legal age, in our sole discretion.
To use the Services, you must sign up and create an account. By creating an account, you agree:
To provide accurate, current and complete information about yourself (“User Data”);
To keep User Data up to date, and make any changes as soon as possible;
That Strava may use your User Data to provide Services that you access or use and as set out in these Terms and our Privacy Policy;
To create only one account for your personal use and not to share your account or Strava subscription with others;
That all activities associated with your account on the Services reflect authentic activities done by you; and
That Strava has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse current or future use of the Services if you violate these Terms, or as otherwise determined within Strava’s discretion.
You are fully responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for preventing unauthorized access to your account. You accept full responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or from your devices.
You agree to notify Strava immediately of any unauthorized access or use of your account or password, or any other breach of security. Unauthorized access to your account could expose your User Data and any other information or content you provide to Strava to unwanted or unintended third parties.
You may sign up for or login to your account via a third-party network, such as Google or Apple. If you do this, you authorize Strava to fill in the registration and other relevant information fields of your account and/or use such third-party credentials to log you into your account, based on those third parties’ privacy policies.
You may also choose to connect or share information with third-party apps, plugins, or websites that integrate with the Services, like Apple Health and Garmin Connect, as well as with third parties who work with Strava to offer an integrated feature, such as a challenge sponsor, media streaming, or tracking device.
Information collected by these third parties is subject to their own terms and policies, and Strava is not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties.
Certain features of the Services are free. Whether you engage with free or paid (“subscription-only”) features of the Services, these Terms still apply. Strava has the right to add, modify, or discontinue any free or subscription-only feature at any time.
If you decide to access subscription-only features, you will need to pay subscription fees, plus any applicable taxes. Depending on your jurisdiction and your banking provider, you may be charged additional fees (e.g., a foreign transaction fee) when you purchase a Strava subscription.
Subscription fees are paid on a periodic billing cycle, depending on the subscription plan you choose. You agree to pay your subscription fees on time.
Strava has the right to increase subscription fees or add new fees at any time after giving reasonable notice. Changes in subscription fees will take effect on your next billing date, unless otherwise stated.
To pay any fees to Strava, you must select and provide information about your preferred payment method (e.g., credit card, online payment service, a third-party platform, like Apple App Store or Google Play, or any other payment method made available by Strava) (the “Payment Method”). You authorize us to collect and use your payment information for payment of the fees. More information about how we process your payment information is in our Privacy Policy.
You may switch to a different Payment Method or update your information by visiting https://strava.com/account. If you paid through the Google Play or Apple App Store in-app payment flows, you may change your Payment Method through your app store account.
No refunds or credits will be provided by Strava, unless set out in these Terms.
Your subscription will renew automatically at the start of every billing period, based on the plan you chose, and will continue until your subscription is canceled. Your subscription will auto-renew unless canceled at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
You can cancel your subscription at any time. Please see How to Cancel Your Subscription for more information.
The cancellation of your subscription will go into effect at the end of your current billing period. When your subscription ends, you will no longer have access to subscription-only features. You can resubscribe at the most current pricing at any time.
If you reside outside the United States, you may be entitled under local law to change your mind and receive a full refund within 14 days of subscribing.
We have the right to offer free trials whenever we want and however we choose. Unless otherwise stated, free trials cannot be combined with other offers and will last for the duration stated in the free trial offer.
If you begin your subscription with a free trial, you will be billed for your subscription fee at the end of the free trial, unless you cancel your subscription at least 24 hours before the free trial ends.
When you register for a free trial, you may be required to provide a Payment Method and Strava may authorize a temporary charge. Sometimes, your available balance or credit limit may be reduced to reflect the authorization; however, no charges will be made against the Payment Method if you cancel at least 24 hours before the end of your free trial period.
Strava may make certain features available to you as part of a beta release, early access program, or similar opportunity to test or use the features ("Beta Features"). Beta Features may not be supported and may require you to update your version of the Services. Use of Beta Features is at your own risk and you understand that they may contain errors, design flaws or other problems. The “Your Feedback” section of these Terms applies to any feedback you provide related to Beta Features. We may change or remove access to Beta Features at any time.
In these Terms, “Content” means any content created, shared, posted, or made available in connection with the Services, such as text, images, videos, audio, routes, segments, or other data, whether posted or shared publicly, privately, or via a third-party API. You will remain the owner of intellectual property rights (such as copyright) in your Content.
You agree and confirm that:
You own all Content shared, posted or made available by you in connection with the Services, or that you have the legal right to use such Content;
Your sharing, posting, or use of Content does not violate, misappropriate, or infringe on any rights of a third party, including (without limitation) privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights; and you will be fully responsible for all royalties, fees, and any other obligations in connection with any Content you share, post, or use in connection with the Services; and
Your relationship with Strava is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other type of special relationship, and that your decision to submit any Content does not place Strava in a position that is any different from the position held by members of the general public, including with regard to your Content.
If you believe any Content available on the Services violates your intellectual property rights, please contact us by reporting a violation.
To provide the Services, we need permission to use your Content. This permission is called a license.
You grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly perform and display any of your Content and any name, username or likeness that you post on or in connection with the Services in all media formats and channels now known or later developed, without compensation to you. This includes permission to use your profile name, profile photo, and information about your activities, including your use of third-party products, services, or devices, in ads, offers and other commercial contexts. For example, we may show your Strava followers that you use a certain device, product, or service available from a third party that has paid us to display its ads on Strava. We will use your Content as set out in our Privacy Policy.
Except for public routes and segments, clubs that you have created, and posts you’ve made to support channels, this license ends when your Content is deleted from Strava’s systems. For your public routes and segments, clubs that you have created, and posts you’ve made to support channels, the license will be perpetual (indefinite) in nature, and we may continue to store and use such information after your account is deleted.
You agree and confirm that you are able to give Strava any licenses, rights, or other permissions set out in these Terms.
You may have the ability to provide comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials, and other communications regarding the Services and the information and services we make available through the Services (collectively, “Feedback”). If you provide Feedback, you grant Strava a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, assignable, sub-licensable, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to copy, distribute, create derivative works of, publicly display, and perform and otherwise exploit such Feedback and to use, make, have made, sell, offer for sale, import, and export products and services based on such Feedback. For this reason, do not send Strava any Feedback if you do not want to give us the license set out in this section. For the avoidance of any doubt, Feedback is not considered Content for the purposes of Section 6 (License).
We want all of our users to enjoy their Strava experience in a safe and positive environment. For this reason, we have developed our Acceptable Use Policy and Community Standards, which form part of these Terms.
You are fully responsible for Content which you post, upload, share, transmit or make available via the Services, including any illegal Content. Strava is not responsible for, and does not endorse or support, any Content. We do not guarantee any aspect of any Content, including its accuracy, completeness, usefulness, or quality. You accept all risks relating to use of the Services, including risks arising from reliance on the accuracy, completeness, usefulness, or quality of any Content. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, objectionable, or illegal.
Strava may—consistent with relevant laws—screen, monitor, hide, restrict, refuse or remove any Content that we find violates these Terms or is objectionable based on our policies or standards. If you believe any Content violates our policies, standards, or Terms, please report it to us. For more information on the action we may take against Strava accounts that are found to be in violation of these Terms and our standards, and what to do if you believe action has been taken in error, please see here. If you are in the EU, please see here for more information regarding the EU Digital Services Act and how this law may apply to Strava.
Strava makes no representation that any Content or Services are appropriate or available for use in your location. Access to or use of any Content or Services from locations where access or use is illegal is prohibited, and you are responsible for compliance with all your local laws. You may not use or export Content or Services in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations.
You accept all safety, security, and other risks associated with the use of any Strava or third-party geolocation features, tools, and technology, including when recording or sharing GPS-based activities via the Services, using Strava Beacon, or using other map- or location-based features on the Services. These risks may be greater depending on your circumstances, e.g., if you work in a sensitive job or position of trust. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Strava is not responsible for any such risks. You agree to use any such geolocation features, tools, and technology in a way that is safe, secure, and responsible, in accordance with your circumstances and applicable laws. Nothing in this section takes away from any other sections in these Terms where we disclaim warranties and limit or exclude liability. You can learn more about how we use geolocation information in our Privacy Policy.
Your Content will not be subject to any obligation of privacy or confidence on the part of Strava, except as set out in our Privacy Policy and your chosen privacy controls, and Strava will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Content you provide.
Content is public by default when you sign up for the Services, unless you are under the age of 18. Our privacy controls allow you to mark certain Content as private or available only to a limited group of Strava users.
You are responsible for the public nature of your Content if you do not choose to mark your Content as private or available for a limited group of users, or if you later change your choice to make such Content public.
Personalization is a core part of our Services. We will personalize your Services to provide you with a unique user experience. We do this based on data relating to you, your use of the Services, and information about users similar to you. For example, we may use information like your sport type, your location, who you follow, who follows you, your clubs, your engagement with Content and other users, and other data. We may use this information to decide, for example, what to show in your feed, which routes and challenges to recommend, and who to follow.
You can set your feed order preference to “Personalized” (we order your feed in the way described above) or “Latest Activities” (your feed will be ordered chronologically).
The Services are for your personal use only. You may not charge any person for any part of the Services, use of the Services, or access to Content. Unless Strava agrees otherwise in writing, you cannot use the Services for business-related purposes.
To use some features of the Services, you may decide to purchase third-party products or services, e.g., a GPS device to track your location. Even if Strava recommends a third-party supplier, product, or service to you, we will have no responsibility for anything relating to your purchase or use of the third-party product or service, and we do not guarantee that any third-party product or service will work with the Services or be error-free.
Through the Services, either Strava or third parties may provide links or advertisements to third-party internet sites or resources. Strava does not endorse and is not responsible for any Content, information, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that Strava is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources.
The Services may display products and services sponsored, shown, or offered by third parties. If you decide to deal with a third party or explore or purchase any of their products or services, you are dealing and contracting directly with that third party, and not with Strava. Strava is not a party to any terms between you and the third party. YOU AGREE THAT STRAVA WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCURRED BY YOU AS THE RESULT OF ANY OF YOUR DEALINGS WITH THIRD PARTIES AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES.
The Services provide the ability to communicate with others, including third-party businesses, your contacts, other users, and Strava. You agree and confirm:
You have the right to communicate with your contacts via the Services and you are fully responsible for any charges to use or communicate via the Services;
To use available communication methods consistent with these Terms and our Acceptable Use Policy, and for purposes relevant to the Services;
Your communications will be considered your Content and will be governed by these Terms and relevant laws;
Depending on your account settings and method of communication, communications may be public;
Communications with third parties, including third-party businesses or others, are not endorsed, sponsored or approved by Strava (unless specially stated otherwise by us);
Strava may pre-review, post-review, screen, archive, or otherwise monitor communications consistent with and to the extent permitted by law. This includes reviewing direct message chat history and content when a user has been reported to us; and
All notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically will satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
The Services are a place to connect Strava users virtually, in order to share experiences and information in a safe and positive way. Strava is a neutral party to any interactions between users, and we are not responsible for these interactions or any information shared between users. We have no responsibility to confirm the identity of our users or any other information about them, such as qualifications, background, or abilities. You must always use common sense and good judgment when dealing with any other Strava users.
If you choose to use some features of our Services, like informing your contacts about the Services, tracking your activities via Strava Beacon, or sharing your Strava-related information with others, we may require you to provide the contact information of third parties. We will process this information as laid out in the Privacy Policy.
You confirm that you are authorized to provide us with any contact information. Strava will not be responsible if any third party contact information is provided without authority or against these Terms.
If you meet Strava’s requirements for a Pro or Verified badge, you may be eligible to verify your account, place a badge on your profile showing your status, and unlock certain benefits. Having Pro or Verified status does not change any of your obligations under these Terms. We have the right to issue or remove Pro or Verified status (along with any linked benefits) at our discretion, including but not limited to failure to meet Pro or Verified status program requirements and violations of these Terms.
Strava offers the ability to create clubs, and also manages the club verification program. We may choose to verify some clubs and place a badge on their profile if they meet the requirements for a Verified Badge for Clubs. We have the right to remove or transfer ownership of clubs, remove a club’s Content, remove a club's verified status and badge, or remove a club from the Strava platform at any time. If you request a transfer of ownership of a club, we may require you to provide certain documentation.
If you create or administer a club on Strava, you are responsible for ensuring that your club:
Complies with these Terms and our Acceptable Use Policy;
Does not claim, suggest an affiliation with, or impersonate Strava by using Strava's intellectual property or in any other way;
Has the right to use or post all club-related Content, whether third-party or other Content, including rights to use names, logos, copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property; and
Does not use the club to advertise or promote any contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions in any way that we deem to be inappropriate.
You acknowledge and agree that the Services, any software used in connection with the Services, any aggregated data based on Content on the Services, and any Content available or made available on the Services contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by relevant intellectual property and other laws. This information may belong to Strava or third parties. Unless expressly allowed by relevant law or authorized by Strava or the relevant third party, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Services, the software, or Content available on the Services (other than Content that you may submit), in whole or in part.
Strava grants you a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, and non-exclusive right and license to access and use the Services; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, display, perform, reproduce, transmit, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any right in or aspect of the Services, except where permitted by law.
You agree not to access the Services by any means other than through the interfaces that are provided by Strava. You are prohibited from accessing any data on the Services that you are not expressly authorized to access. Automated access to or collection of data from the Services—by any means, including data mining, robots, screen scraping, scripts, or similar data-gathering tools or software such as browser extensions and crawlers—is prohibited. This prohibition applies regardless of whether you are logged into a Strava account at the time of such automated access or collection.
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a text hyperlink to the Services and use any RSS feeds available on the Services, for personal use only. Any link you create, including linked content, may not show Strava or the Services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or defamatory manner. The site where you place the link may not contain any pornographic, illegal, offensive, harassing, or other material which we decide is objectionable, without limitation.
The term STRAVA, the Strava logo, the look and feel of the Services, and all other Strava logos and product- and service-names are the exclusive trademarks of, and are owned by, Strava, and you may not use or display such trademarks in any way without Strava’s prior written permission. Any third-party trademarks, service marks, product names, company names, or logos displayed on the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes, or other information by name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation by Strava.
Strava reserves all rights not expressly granted in these Terms. We may immediately withdraw any licenses, rights, or permissions given to you in these Terms whenever we choose, whether generally or in a specific case, without having to give any reasons.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. Strava also reviews claims of trademark infringement. If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by Strava infringe your copyright or trademark rights, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed, or access to it blocked. The notice must include the following information: (a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; (b) identification of the copyrighted work or trademark claimed to have been infringed (or, if multiple copyrighted works or trademarks located on the Services are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works); (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient to allow Strava to locate the material on the Services; (d) the name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address (if available) of the complaining party; (e) a statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright or trademark owner, its agent, or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Please be advised that Strava will not respond to complaints that do not meet these requirements. We may share your information with third parties when we forward DMCA-compliant notifications, which will be forwarded as submitted to us without any deletions. If Strava determines that the materials alleged to infringe your copyright or trademark rights do not require removal, Strava will remove those materials only pursuant to a court order declaring the content or use of the materials unlawful.
If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed against you, the DMCA permits you to send us a counter-notice. Counter-notices must include the following information: (a) your name, address, and telephone number; (b) the source of the content that was removed; (c) a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good-faith belief that the content was removed in error; (d) a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located; or, if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Strava may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original complaint; and (e) a physical or electronic signature (for example, typing your full name).
Notices and counter-notices with respect to the Services must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA and should be sent to the agent identified below. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Also, be aware that there may be penalties for false claims under the DMCA.
Agent to Receive Notices of Claimed Infringement:
Strava Copyright Agent 181 Fremont Street, Floor 27 San Francisco, CA 94105 USA ip@strava.com (415) 320-7817
THE SERVICES AND ANY CONTENT ARE PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. STRAVA AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, DIRECTORS, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICES AND CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. STRAVA AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT: (A) THE SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (B) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; AND (C) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND ANY ATHLETIC ACTIVITIES DONE PURSUANT TO OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, FOLLOWING A TRAINING PLAN OR RECOMMENDATION) IS AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INJURY, DAMAGE, OR LOSS TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY RESULTING THEREFROM.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT ANY INFORMATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACTIVITY DATA, PERFORMANCE METRICS, TRAINING PLANS AND RECOMMENDATIONS) SHARED VIA THE SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT, WHETHER PROVIDED BY US OR BY OTHER ACCOUNT HOLDERS OR THIRD PARTIES, IS DESIGNED FOR EDUCATIONAL AND ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED TO BE AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS MEDICAL OR PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OF ANY NATURE. SUCH INFORMATION SHOULD NOT BE USED IN PLACE OF (A) THE ADVICE OF YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS OR (B) INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR IN ANY PRODUCT PACKAGING OR LABEL. SHOULD YOU HAVE ANY HEALTH-RELATED QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL OR SEE YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER HEALTHCARE PROVIDER PROMPTLY. YOU SHOULD NEVER DISREGARD MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY IN SEEKING MEDICAL ADVICE BECAUSE OF THE SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT, AND YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT FOR DIAGNOSING OR TREATING A HEALTH PROBLEM.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT STRAVA DOES NOT ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE INSPECTION, SUPERVISION, PREPARATION, OR CONDUCT OF ANY RACE, CONTEST, CHALLENGE, EVENT, OR GROUP ACTIVITY THAT UTILIZES THE SERVICES.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO RELEASE STRAVA, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARTNERS, AND LICENSORS (THE “RELEASED PARTIES”) FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ATHLETIC ACTIVITIES AND/OR USE OF THE SERVICES AND ANY CONTENT, AND PROMISE NOT TO SUE THE RELEASED PARTIES FOR ANY CLAIMS, ACTIONS, INJURIES, DAMAGES, OR LOSSES ASSOCIATED WITH SUCH USE. YOU ALSO AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL THE RELEASED PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE SERVICES, THE CONTENT, OR ANY THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT, SERVICE, GOOD, OR APPLICATION, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF STRAVA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.
STRAVA’S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU PURSUANT TO THESE TERMS SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF EITHER (A) FIFTY DOLLARS ($50), OR (B) THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID BY YOU TO STRAVA IN THE 12-MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THE CLAIM.
If you live in a jurisdiction that does not allow for certain disclaimers, limitations, or exclusions, some or all of the disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations in these Terms may not apply to you. Solely to the extent that any of the disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations in these Terms does not apply to you, all remaining disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations that do apply shall continue to apply to your use of the Services and the Content.
As part of providing the Services, we may use and develop artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine learning (“ML”) to provide features designed to enhance your training and improve the Services (“AI Features”). AI technologies have known and unknown risks and limitations and may make mistakes; you understand and agree that you use AI Features at your own risk. You should always use common sense and good judgment before using any AI-generated recommendations to make sure they are safe, secure, and appropriate for your skill level. Nothing in this section takes away from any other sections in these Terms where we disclaim warranties and limit or exclude liability. You can learn more about how we use AI in our Privacy Policy.
You agree to indemnify and hold Strava and its subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors harmless from: any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit, or otherwise seek to make available through the Services (including as a club administrator); your use of the Services; your athletic activities which generate the Content you post or seek to post on the Services (including, but not limited to, athletic activities in connection with any contests, races, group rides, or other events which Strava sponsors, organizes, participates in, or whose Services are used in connection with); your connection to the Services; your violation of these Terms or other applicable laws; your violation of any data protection or privacy laws; or your violation of any rights of another person or entity. This indemnification will apply to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of your jurisdiction.
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: If you have a complaint regarding the Services that you think we have not adequately resolved, the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
If you live in the EU, the remaining sections below (governing arbitration, class-action waiver, small claims court exception, thirty-day right to opt out, time limitation of claims, and choice of law and forum) do not apply to you.
Instead, for those who live in the EU, these Terms are governed by and must be interpreted in accordance with Irish law, and the Irish courts will have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any disputes arising out of or relating these Terms or the Services. In addition, the local laws in your EU Member State may allow you to take legal action against Strava in your Member State and to invoke certain local laws against Strava.
Before any party may begin a lawsuit or arbitration, the parties will use their best efforts to settle any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement directly through good-faith negotiations.
Except for disputes relating to Strava’s intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents), or if you opt out of this agreement to arbitrate, all claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services will be finally settled by binding arbitration administered by JAMS in accordance with its provisions and procedures for consumer-related disputes, excluding any rules or procedures governing or permitting class actions.
The arbitrator, and not any court or agency, will have exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms, including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of these Terms is void or voidable. The arbitrator will be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court; provided, however, that the arbitrator will not have authority to award damages, remedies, or awards that conflict with these Terms.
The arbitrator’s award will be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
To the extent the filing fee for the arbitration exceeds the cost of filing a lawsuit, Strava will pay the additional cost.
You and Strava expressly waive trial by jury. You also agree not to participate in claims brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person’s account, if Strava is a party to the proceeding.
If your arbitration demand involves claims similar to those made by 15 or more other users, and if you and those other users are represented by the same lawyers, or by lawyers who are coordinating with each other, you agree that these claims will be considered “Related Cases.” Related Cases may only be filed in batches of up to 20 individual arbitrations at a time, and those individual arbitrations will be resolved in the following manner: (i) for the first batch of bellwether cases, each side may select up to 5 of these Related Cases to be filed and resolved in individual arbitrations; (ii) none of the other Related Cases may be filed or prosecuted in arbitration until the first batch of up to 20 individual arbitrations is resolved; and (iii) if, after that first batch, the parties are unable to resolve the remaining Related Cases, a second batch of Related Cases may be filed, where each side may select up to 5 of the Related Cases to be resolved in individual arbitrations. This process of batched individual arbitrations will continue until the parties resolve all Related Cases informally or through individual arbitrations. A court has exclusive authority to enforce this paragraph, including whether it applies to a given set of claims, and to enjoin the filing or prosecution of arbitrations that do not comply with this paragraph. If this provision is found unenforceable, the procedure will be governed by the JAMS Mass Arbitration Procedures and Guidelines.
This Dispute Resolution provision will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. The parties understand that, absent this mandatory provision, they would have the right to sue in court and have a jury trial. They further understand that, in some instances, the costs of arbitration could exceed the costs of litigation and that the right to discovery may be more limited in arbitration than in court.
The parties agree that any arbitration will be conducted in their individual capacities only, and not as a class action or other representative action.
If any court or arbitrator determines that the class-action waiver set out in this section is void or unenforceable for any reason, or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the arbitration provision set out above will be deemed null and void in its entirety and the parties will be deemed to have not agreed to arbitrate disputes.
Despite the parties’ agreement to resolve all disputes through arbitration, either party may also seek relief in a small claims court for disputes or claims within that court’s jurisdiction.
You have the right to opt out and not be bound by the Arbitration and Class-Action Waiver provisions set out in these Terms by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the following address: Strava, Inc., Attn: Legal Department (Opt-out), 181 Fremont Street, Floor 27, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. The notice must be sent within 30 days of signing up to use the Services; otherwise, you will be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with these Terms. If you opt out of the arbitration provisions, Strava will also not be bound by them.
You agree that any claim you may have arising out of or related to your relationship with Strava, these Terms, or the Services must be filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, your claim will be permanently barred.
Any action or legal proceedings arising out of or related to these Terms, Content, the Services, or your relationship with Strava will be governed by and must be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws principles AND WILL SPECIFICALLY NOT BE GOVERNED BY THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTIONS ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS, IF OTHERWISE APPLICABLE. Subject to the Section entitled “Dispute Resolution,” the parties irrevocably consent to bring any action to enforce these Terms in the federal or state courts embracing San Francisco, California and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal or state courts embracing San Francisco, California. If any party brings any suit or action against another for relief, declaratory or otherwise, arising out of these Terms, the prevailing party will have and recover against the other party, in addition to all court costs and disbursements, such sum as the court may adjudge to be reasonable attorneys’ fees.
You agree that Strava may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately suspend or terminate your account and/or access to the Services. Cause for such suspension or termination will include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the Terms or other incorporated agreements, policies or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification to the Services (or any part of the Services), (e) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, (f) extended periods of inactivity, and/or (g) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the Services. In some cases, you may have the right to appeal, for example, as described in our Acceptable Use Policy.
Termination of your account may include removal of access to all offerings within the Services; deletion of your information, files and Content associated with your account; and barring your further use of the Services.
You agree that all suspensions or terminations for cause will be made in Strava’s sole discretion and that Strava will not be liable to you or any third party for any suspension or termination of your account or access to the Services. The following Sections will survive termination of your account and/or the Terms: Content and Conduct, Clubs, Ownership Rights, Your Feedback, Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability, Indemnity, Choice of Law and Forum, and General.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, joint controllership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Strava as a result of these Terms or your use of the Services. These Terms make up the entire agreement between you and Strava with respect to your use of the Services. The failure of Strava to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect. You may not assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer your account, your rights, or your obligations under these Terms without the prior written consent of Strava. Strava has the right, in its sole discretion, to transfer or assign all or any part of its rights under these Terms and will have the right to delegate or use third-party contractors to fulfill its duties and obligations under these Terms and in connection with the Services. Strava’s notice to you via email, regular mail, or notices, posts, or links on the Services will constitute acceptable notice to you under these Terms. A printed version of these Terms and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to these Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Section titles and headings in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Any rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved.
Certain provisions of the Terms may be supplemented or superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages on the Services. Strava reserves the right to update the Terms at any time and for any reason in its sole discretion. Strava will notify you in advance of any material changes to the Terms. By continuing to access or use the Services after we have provided you with notice of a modification, you agree to be bound by the modified Terms. If the modified Terms are not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Services and delete your account.
Strava may make improvements and/or changes in the Services, and prices described, at any time and for any reason in their sole discretion. For example, the Strava mobile application may download and install upgrades, updates, and additional features to improve, enhance, or further develop the Services. Strava reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services or any part of the Services with or without notice. You agree that Strava will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Services.
For questions regarding the Services and these Terms, please contact us via https://support.strava.com.