(If you are not in the US, EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or India)
Last updated: 1 December 2025
General Terms â All Users
Other regions
(If you are not in the US, EEA, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or India)
Last updated: 1 December 2025
General Terms â All Users
Welcome to TikTok (the âPlatformâ), which is provided by TikTok Pte. Ltd. or one of its affiliates (âTikTokâ, âweâ or âusâ).
You are reading the terms of service (the âTermsâ), which govern the relationship and serve as an agreement between you and us and set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and our related websites, services, applications, products and content (collectively, the âServicesâ). Our Services are provided for private, non-commercial use. For purposes of these Terms, âyouâ and âyourâ means you as the user of the Services.
The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us. Please take the time to read them carefully.
By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that you can form a binding contract with TikTok, that you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them. Your access to and use of our Services is also subject to ourÂ Privacy PolicyÂ andÂ Community Guidelines, the terms of which can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform is made available for download, on your mobile deviceâs applicable app store, and are incorporated herein by reference. By using the Services, you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy.
If you access or use the Services from within a jurisdiction for which there are separate supplemental terms, you also hereby agree to the supplemental terms applicable to users in each jurisdiction as outlined below, and in the event of a conflict between the provisions of theÂ Supplemental Terms â Jurisdiction-SpecificÂ that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the Services, and the rest of these Terms, the relevant jurisdictionsâÂ Supplemental Terms â Jurisdiction-SpecificÂ will supersede and control. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not access or use our Services.Â
If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (a) âyouâ and âyourâ includes you and that business or entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the business or entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entityâs behalf, and (c) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others affiliated with your entity, including any employees, agents or contractors.
You can accept the Terms by accessing or using our Services. You understand and agree that we will treat your access or use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.
You should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records.
We amend these Terms from time to time, for instance when we update the functionality of our Services, when we combine multiple apps or services operated by us or our affiliates into a single combined service or app, or when there are regulatory changes. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to these Terms, such as through a notice on our Platform, however, you should look at the Terms regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the âLast Updatedâ date at the top of these Terms, which reflect the effective date of such Terms. Your continued access or use of the Services after the date of the new Terms constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not agree to the new Terms, you must stop accessing or using the Services.
To access or use some of our Services, you must create an account with us. When you create this account, you must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete.
It is important that you keep your account password confidential and that you do not disclose it to any third party. If you know or suspect that any third party knows your password or has accessed your account, you must notify us immediately at:Â https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback.
You agree that you are solely responsible (to us and to others) for the activity that occurs under your account.
We reserve the right to disable your user account at any time, including if you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms, or if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or might cause damage to or impair the Services or infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations.
If you no longer want to use our Services again, and would like your account deleted, contact us at:Â https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback. We will provide you with further assistance and guide you through the process. Once you choose to delete your account, you will not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information you have added.
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations. You may not:
In addition to the above, your access to and use of the Services must, at all times, be compliant with our Community Guidelines.
We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to content at our discretion for any reason or no reason. Some of the reasons we may remove or disable access to content may include finding the content objectionable, in violation of these Terms or our Community Guidelines, or otherwise harmful to the Services or our users. Our automated systems analyze your content to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.
We respect intellectual property rights and ask you to do the same. As a condition of your access to and use of the Services, you agree not to use the Services to infringe on any intellectual property rights. We reserve the right, with or without notice, at any time and in our sole discretion to block access to and/or terminate the accounts of any user who infringes or is alleged to infringe any copyrights or other intellectual property rights.
As between you and TikTok, all content, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music on and âlook and feelâ of the Services, and all intellectual property rights related thereto (the âTikTok Contentâ), are either owned or licensed by TikTok, it being understood that you or your licensors will own any User Content (as defined below) you upload or transmit through the Services. Use of the TikTok Content or materials on the Services for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited. Such content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any purpose whatsoever without our or, where applicable, our licensorsâ prior written consent. We and our licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to their content.
You acknowledge and agree that we may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value from your use of the Services, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions, usage data and Gifts (as defined and further explained in the âVirtual Items Policyâ), and except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you will have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge that, except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you (i) have no right to receive any income or other consideration from any User Content (defined below) or your use of any musical works, sound recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Services, including in any User Content created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetize or obtain consideration from any User Content within the Services or on any third party service (e.g., you cannot claim User Content that has been uploaded to a social media platform such as YouTube for monetization).
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Services, including to download the Platform on a permitted device, and to access the TikTok Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use through your use of the Services and solely in compliance with these Terms. TikTok reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Services and the TikTok Content. You acknowledge and agree that TikTok may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
NO RIGHTS ARE LICENSED WITH RESPECT TO SOUND RECORDINGS AND THE MUSICAL WORKS EMBODIED THEREIN THAT ARE MADE AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE.
You acknowledge and agree that when you view content provided by others on the Services, you are doing so at your own risk. The content on our Services is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our Services.
We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that any TikTok Content (including User Content) is accurate, complete or up to date. Where our Services contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, review, or edit any content posted by you and other users on the Services (including User Content).
Users of the Services may be permitted to upload, post or transmit (such as via a stream) or otherwise make available content through the Services including, without limitation, any text, photographs, user videos, sound recordings and the musical works embodied therein, including videos that incorporate locally stored sound recordings from your personal music library and ambient noise (âUser Contentâ). Users of the Services may also extract all or any portion of User Content created by another user to produce additional User Content, including collaborative User Content with other users, that combine and intersperse User Content generated by more than one user. Users of the Services may also overlay music, graphics, stickers, Virtual Items (as defined and further explained in the âVirtual Items Policyâ) and other elements provided by TikTok (âTikTok Elementsâ) onto this User Content and transmit this User Content through the Services. The information and materials in the User Content, including User Content that includes TikTok Elements, have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on the Services (including through use of the virtual gifts) do not represent our views or values.
Whenever you access or use a feature that allows you to upload or transmit User Content through the Services (including via certain third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter), or to make contact with other users of the Services, you must comply with the standards set out at âYour Access to and Use of Our Servicesâ above. You may also choose to upload or transmit your User Content, including User Content that includes TikTok Elements, on sites or platforms hosted by third parties. If you decide to do this, you must comply with their content guidelines as well as with the standards set out at âYour Access to and Use of Our Servicesâ above.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any User Content will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You must not post any User Content on or through the Services or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. When you submit User Content through the Services, you agree and represent that you own that User Content, or you have received all necessary permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services, to transmit it from the Services to other third party platforms, and/or adopt any third party content.
If you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not post such sound recordings to the Services unless you have all permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services
You or the owner of your User Content still own the copyright in User Content sent to us, but by submitting User Content via the Services, you hereby grant us an unconditional irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable, perpetual worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit, and/or distribute and to authorise other users of the Services and other third-parties to view, access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit your User Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented.
You further grant us a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content.
For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding paragraphs of this Section include, but are not limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform and communicate to the public sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you are granting us the right to use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to any third party, including, but not limited to, a sound recording copyright owner (e.g., a record label), a musical work copyright owner (e.g., a music publisher), a performing rights organization (e.g., ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a âPROâ), a sound recording PRO (e.g., SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers or other royalty participants involved in the creation of User Content.
Specific Rules for Musical Works and for Recording Artists.Â If you are a composer or author of a musical work and are affiliated with a PRO, then you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant through these Terms in your User Content to us. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PROâs reporting obligations. If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent of such music publisher to grant the royalty-free license(s) set forth in these Terms in your User Content or have such music publisher enter into these Terms with us. Just because you authored a musical work (e.g., wrote a song) does not mean you have the right to grant us the licenses in these Terms. If you are a recording artist under contract with a record label, then you are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services is in compliance with any contractual obligations you may have to your record label, including if you create any new recordings through the Services that may be claimed by your label.
Through-To-The-Audience Rights.Â All of the rights you grant in your User Content in these Terms are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of third party services will not have any separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content posted or used on such third party service via the Services.
Waiver of Rights to User Content.Â By posting User Content to or through the Services, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof. To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Services.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Services constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit or refuse to publish, your content at our or their sole discretion. We have the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any posting you make on our Services if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out atÂ âYour Access to and Use of Our Servicesâ above. In addition, we have the right â but not the obligation â in our sole discretion to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content (i) that we consider to violate these Terms, or (ii) in response to complaints from other users or third parties, with or without notice and without any liability to you. As a result, we recommend that you save copies of any User Content that you post to the Services on your personal device(s) in the event that you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content. We do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any User Content.
You control whether your User Content is made publicly available on the Services to all other users of the Services or only available to people you approve. To restrict access to your User Content, you should select the privacy setting available within the Platform.
We accept no liability in respect of any content submitted by users and published by us or by authorised third parties.
If you find inappropriate content that violates ourÂ Community GuidelinesÂ or have any other issues you'd like to raise, you canÂ send us a report.
TikTok takes reasonable measures to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that we become aware of.Â It is TikTokâs policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable or terminate the accounts of users of the Services who repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property rights of others.
While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the user community. If you choose to contribute by sending us or our employees any ideas for products, services, features, modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings (such as audio, visual, games, or other types of content), promotions, strategies, or product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials (collectively âFeedbackâ), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms will apply, so that future misunderstandings can be avoided. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to us, you agree that:
i. TikTok has no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part of any Feedback for any reason. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as a waiver or limitation to statutory consumer rights that cannot be contractually limited under applicable laws;
ii. Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and we are not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; and
iii. You irrevocably grant us perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless TikTok, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneysâ fees and expenses, arising out of a breach by you or any user of your account of these Terms or arising out of a breach of your obligations, representation and warranties under these Terms.
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT YOU CANNOT CONTRACTUALLY AGREE TO ALTER OR WAIVE AND ARE LEGALLY ALWAYS ENTITLED TO AS A CONSUMER.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED âAS ISâ AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO THEM. IN PARTICULAR WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:
NO CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES OR OTHER TERMS (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED TERMS AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR CONFORMANCE WITH DESCRIPTION) APPLY TO THE SERVICES EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THEY ARE EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THE TERMS. WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, WITHDRAW OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR ANY PART OF OUR PLATFORM FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUBCONTRACTORS AND FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.
SUBJECT TO THE PARAGRAPH ABOVE, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:
(I) ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY); (II) ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL; (III) ANY LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY; (IV) ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED BY YOU; OR (V) ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU. ANY OTHER LOSS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO TIKTOK WITHIN THE LAST 12 MONTHS.
ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF:
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ONLY PROVIDE OUR PLATFORM FOR DOMESTIC AND PRIVATE USE. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OUR PLATFORM FOR ANY COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES, AND WE HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.
IF DEFECTIVE DIGITAL CONTENT THAT WE HAVE SUPPLIED DAMAGES A DEVICE OR DIGITAL CONTENT BELONGING TO YOU AND THIS IS CAUSED BY OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL, WE WILL EITHER REPAIR THE DAMAGE OR PAY YOU COMPENSATION. HOWEVER, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGE THAT YOU COULD HAVE AVOIDED BY FOLLOWING OUR ADVICE TO APPLY AN UPDATE OFFERED TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE OR FOR DAMAGE THAT WAS CAUSED BY YOU FAILING TO CORRECTLY FOLLOW INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS OR TO HAVE IN PLACE THE MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ADVISED BY US.
THESE LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MOBILE CHARGES THAT MAY APPLY TO YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICE, INCLUDING TEXT-MESSAGING AND DATA CHARGES. IF YOUâRE UNSURE WHAT THOSE CHARGES MAY BE, YOU SHOULD ASK YOUR SERVICE PROVIDER BEFORE USING THE SERVICE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, BY WAY OF EXAMPLE AND NOT LIMITATION, ANY CARRIER, COPYRIGHT OWNER OR OTHER USER, IS DIRECTLY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE US AND OUR AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.
a.Â Applicable Law and Jurisdiction.Â Subject to theÂ Supplemental Terms â Jurisdiction Specific, these Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by the laws of Singapore. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, including any question regarding existence, validity or termination of these Terms, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (âSIACâ) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre ("SIAC Rules") for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The language of the arbitration shall be English.
b.Â Open Source.Â The Platform contains certain open source software. Each item of open source software is subject to its own applicable license terms, which can be found atÂ Open Source Policy.
c.Â Entire Agreement.Â These Terms (including the Supplemental Terms below) constitute the whole legal agreement between you and TikTok and govern your use of the Services and completely replace any prior agreements between you and TikTok in relation to the Services.
d.Â Links.Â You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our Services in any website that is not owned by you. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out at âYour Access to and Use of Our Servicesâ above. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
e.Â Age Limit.Â The Services are only for people 13 years old and over (with additional limits that may be set forth in theÂ Supplemental Terms â Jurisdiction-Specific). By using the Services, you confirm that you are over the relevant age specified herein. If we learn that someone under the relevant age specified above is using the Services, we will terminate that userâs account.
f.Â No Waiver.Â Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.
g.Â Security.Â We do not guarantee that our Services will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our Services. You should use your own virus protection software.
h.Â Severability.Â If any court of law, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms, and the remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
i.Â Questions?Â Contact us at:Â https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback.Â
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the following supplemental terms shall apply when accessing the Platform through specific devices:
Notice regarding Apple.
Windows Phone Store.Â By downloading the Platform from the Windows Phone Store (or its successors) operated by Microsoft, Inc. or its affiliates, you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
Amazon Appstore.Â By downloading the Platform from the Amazon Appstore (or its successors) operated by Amazon Digital Services, Inc. or affiliates (âAmazonâ), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
Google Play.Â By downloading the Platform from Google Play (or its successors) operated by Google, Inc. or one of its affiliates (âGoogleâ), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
Australia. If you are using our Services in Australia, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
Brazil.Â If you are using our Services in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
India.Â If you are using our Services in India, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore, Vietnam, and the Philippines. If you are using our Services in Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore, Vietnam, and the Philippines, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
Indonesia.Â If you are using our Services in Indonesia, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
Directorate General of Consumer Protection and Trade Order, Ministry of Trade, Republic of Indonesia
WhatsApp: (+62) 853 1111 101
United Arab Emirates.Â If you are using our Services in the United Arab Emirates (âUAEâ), the following additional terms shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
Mexico.Â If you are using our Services in Mexico, the following additional terms shall apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of these Terms, the following terms shall prevail.
Turkey. Contact our representative in Turkey within the scope of the Law No. 5651:
TikTok Ä°stanbul Dijital Medya ve Reklam Limited Åirketi
Esentepe Mah. Harman 1 Sk. Nida Kule Blok No:7-9/26 ÅiÅli Ä°stanbul